https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-29935 Add DR4Hub template (#8586)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: business_continuity/backup_restore/backup_validate.adoc

The `backup-restore-enabled` policy validates the {acm-short} hub cluster backup and restore configuration and applies to local hub clusters, global hub clusters, and managed clusters where the {acm-short} hub cluster is installed. The policy includes a set of templates that check for the following constraints:

- *Cluster backup component validation*
+

> * `acm-cluster-backup-enabled` template checks if the `cluster-backup` component is enabled in the MultiClusterHub resource. The template validates that the backup functionality has the correct configuration for the MultiClusterHub. If the `cluster-backup` component is disabled with the `enabled: false` flag in the `spec.overrides.components` section of the MultiClusterHub resource, the policy reports a `noncompliant` status with instructions to enable it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `acm-cluster-backup-enabled` template checks if the `cluster-backup` component is enabled in the `MultiClusterHub` resource. The template validates that the backup functionality has the correct configuration for the `MultiClusterHub` resource. If the `cluster-backup` component is disabled with the `enabled: false` flag in the `spec.overrides.components` field of the `MultiClusterHub` resource, the policy becomes  `noncompliant` and displays instructions for enablement.
```
